Please help me summarize the following,The Large Language Model (LLM) is widely employed for tasks such as intelligent assistants, text summarization, translation, and multi-modality on mobile phones. However, the current methods for on-device LLM deployment maintain slow inference speed, which causes poor user experience. To facilitate high-efficiency LLM deployment on device GPUs, we propose four optimization techniques: (a) a symbolic expression-based approach to support dynamic shape model inference; (b) operator optimizations and execution priority setting to enhance inference speed and reduce phone lagging; (c) an FP4 quantization method termed M0E4 to reduce dequantization overhead; (d) a sub-tensor-based technique to eliminate the need for copying KV cache after LLM inference. Furthermore, we implement these methods in our mobile inference engine, Transformer-Lite, which is compatible with both Qualcomm and MTK processors. We evaluated Transformer-Lite’s performance using LLMs with varied architectures and parameters ranging from 2B to 14B. Specifically, we achieved prefill and decoding speeds of 121 token/s and 14 token/s for ChatGLM2 6B, and 330 token/s and 30 token/s for smaller Gemma 2B, respectively. Compared with CPU- based FastLLM and GPU-based MLC-LLM, our engine attains over 10x speedup for the prefill speed and 2~3x speedup for the decoding speed.1 IntroductionThe LLM has demonstrated superior performance in a range of tasks[1, 20, 32, 39], proving versatile in applications such as intelligent assistants, text summarization, translation, and multi-modality tasks on mobile devices. Although the performance is excellent, the deployment of LLMs requires substantial computing power and memory bandwidth. Hence, current applications predominantly adopt the cloud-based deployment. Given the substantial cost involved in the cloud-based deployment of LLMs and the continuous advancements in the performance of mobile devices, native deployment of LLMs on mobile phones not only curtails the high costs associated with cloud deployment but also broadens the prospective applications of LLMs on mobile phones. Therefore, deploying LLMs on devices is becoming a research hotspot.Compared with cloud servers, deploying LLMs on mobile phones is constrained by limited hardware performance, memory bandwidth, and storage capacity. As a result, only smaller parameter models can be employed,